So now let's talk about conditions.
So conditions, as the name indicates,
allow you to control the creation of a resource or outputs
based on the specific condition.
So for example, you could have some things
only created in a development environment
such as the Dev Stack
and some things only created in the production environment
such as the Prod Stack.
And as you can see, the difference here
is that one of these things has an EBS volume
and the other one doesn't.
So you can make conditions, whatever you want them to be.
But the common one is to have conditions
based on the environment you're in,
such as dev, test and prod,
or the region you're in, or a parameter value.
And each condition can reference each other
and can reference as well parameter values or mappings.
So here is an example.
We define a condition named CreateProdResources
in which we have a look at Env environment type
we have selected is equals to prod,
if it is equals to prod, then you're going
to have this condition being true
and we'll see how to use it in the next slide.
So to create a condition,
you can have any function such as And, Equals,
If, Not, and Or.
And then you have your conditions being created this way.
Now, how to use the condition.
Well here, as you can see,
I apply my condition to a resource,
but it could also be an output, et cetera, et cetera.
And so my MountPoint here
of type EC2 VolumeAttachment has a condition
CreateProdResources.
And that condition is the exact one I had defined before.
And so therefore, if that condition was true,
then the MountPoint would be created.
And if it was false,
then the MountPoint would not be created.
So from an exam perspective,
you don't need to know how to write conditions,
this is too advanced,
but you need to know
that conditions exist if you need to.
Okay, that's it, I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.